Customer Obsession: Start with the customer and work backwards — leaders obsess over customers

A time you used customer feedback to drive improvement
Most difficult customer interaction
A time where you had to balance the needs of the customer vs. the business
Insists on Highest Standards: Have relentlessly high standards and continuously raise the bar/drive others to do the same

A time you were unsatisfied with the status quo. How would you change it?
Describe the most significant improvement project you’ve lead
How do you seek out feedback on performance?
Delivers Results: Focus on key inputs and deliver with high quality in a timely fashion

A time you were driving toward a goal and realized more than half way in that it may not be the best goal
A goal you set that took a long time to achieve/are still working towards
A time you delivered a project under a tight deadline
Bias for Action: Speed is crucial at Amazon — value calculated risk taking

A time where you’ve taken a calculated risk where speed was crucial
A time you made an important decision without consulting your manager
A time where you were able to remove serious roadblocks preventing progress
Invent and Simplify: Expect and require innovation from yourself and those around you — always find ways to simplify

The most innovative thing you’ve done and why you think it’s innovative
A time where you solved a complex problem with a simple solution
A creative idea you had that ended up being difficult to implement
Ownership: Think long term and don’t sacrifice value for short-term results — there is no such thing as “not my job”

A time you took on something significant outside your responsibility
A time you made a decision to sacrifice short term gain for a longer term goal
A time you saw a peer struggling and decided to step in and help
Dive Deep: Stay connected to details, audit frequently, and question when metrics differ

A time you were trying to understand a problem on your team and had to go down several layers to figure it out
A time you linked two or more problems together an identified an underlying issue
A specific metric you have used to identify a need for a change in your department
Learn and be Curious: Always seeking improvement — curious about new possibilities

A time you realized you needed to have a deeper level of subject matter expertise to do your job well and love to explore them
A time you took on work outside of your comfort area and found it rewarding
A time you didn’t know what to do next or how to solve a challenging problem
Disagree and Commit: Obligation to respectfully challenge decisions when you disagree, then fully committing

A time you strongly disagreed with your manager
A time you took an unpopular stance in a meeting with peers/leaders
A time you decided to go along with the group decision even if you disagreed
A time when you disagreed, spoke your thoughts, but then agreed to commit even if it wasn’t the way you wanted to go
Earn Trust: Listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully

A time you significantly contributed to improving morale and productivity on your team
3 things you’re working on to improve overall effectiveness
A time you received tough or critical feedback
Think Big: Thinking small is a self- fulfilling prophecy. Leaders create and communicate a bold directions that inspires results

A time of a radical approach you proposed to solve a big problem
A time when you took a big risk and it failed
Hire & Develop The Best: Raise the performance bar with every hire & promotion. Recognize talent, and willingness to move them throughout the organization

How you help your team members develop their careers
A time when you provided feedback to develop & leverage the strengths of someone on your team.
Frugality: A time when you thought about saving a cost for your team

A time when you implemented a mechanism that saved money for your business
A time when you spotted something in the business was wasting money
Are Right A Lot: Strong judgment and good instincts

A time you made a difficult decision and how you knew it was the right decision.
A time you made a decision without data
A time you made a bad decision and how you learned from it


1. Situation when you had multiple solutions to choose from but had a tight deadline so a quick decision had to be made.

2. Tell me about the time when you failed to give expected results?

3. What did you learn from the situation?

4. Tell me about a time when you had a conflict with a teammate? How did you resolved it?

5. Describe one of your projects and what did you learn from it?
			
6. What is the most innovative work you have done?

7. A time when you disagreed with your co-intern/buddy.
			
8. How did you handle the above situation
			
9. When you received a critical feedback. What was it and what did you do?
Tell me about a time where you sought out perspectives other than your own to make a product/service/project
better?
• Tell me about a time when you had to analyze facts quickly, define key issues, and respond immediately to a
situation. What was the outcome?
• Give me an example of a time you used customer feedback to drive improvement or innovation. What was the
situation and what action did you take?
• Tell me about a goal that you set that took a long time to achieve or that you are still working towards. How do
you keep focused on the goal given the other priorities you have?
• Tell me about a time when you linked two or more problems together and identified an underlying issue? Were
you able to find a solution?
• What three things you are you working on to improve your overall effectiveness?
• Give me an example of when you took an unpopular stance in a meeting with peers and your leader and you
were the outlier. What was it, why did you feel strongly about it, and what did you do?
• Tell me about a time you wouldn’t compromise on achieving a great outcome when others felt something was
good enough. What was the situation?
• Tell me about a time you made a hard decision to sacrifice short term gain for a longer term goal.
• How do you drive adoption for your vision/ideas? How do you know how well your idea or vision has been
adopted by other teams or partners? Give a specific example highlighting one of your ideas.
• Tell me about a time when you realized you needed to have a deeper level of subject matter expertise to do your
job well?
When you took on something significant outside your area of responsibility? why? (2 times)
 When you did not think you are going to meet a deadline you promised.
 How did you identify the risk and convey to stakeholders? 
 When you were able to deliver an important project under a tight deadline?
 What sacrifices did you make to do so?
 How did they impact and the outcome?
 When you did not know what to do next or how to solve a challenging problem.
 How do learn and what were the options considered.
 What was the best was forward and what was the outcome?
 When you worked you improve the quality of product of service that was already getting good customer feedback? Why did you do that and how did customer react.
 Describe a time when you took a calculated risk.


1. Details of my latest project.
2. My typical day at office.
3. If I had a conflict and how did I resolved it.
4. How much do I face customers.
5. Did I solved any time critical issue and what was the approach/impact.
6. Why Amazon.
7. Why applying for SDE1 with 10+ years of experience. Though 2 of the interviewers were in SDE role while they were senior like me and according to them, in Amazon it doesn't matter
8. If any decesion I had taken, gone wrong and what would I would like to change if I get another chance.
9. One time that I was not satisfied with status quo.
10. A difficult problem with deep analysis
11. One time that there were a quick way and a way to ensure quality to do something. How did you decide?
12. A complex problem that was solved in a simple way.
13. A difficult problem to solve.

1. Tell me a time when you took a risk, did it pay off? What would have you done differently?
2. Have you ever failed at something? What did you learn from it?
3. Have you ever had to make a tough decision without consulting anybody? (bias for action)
4. Time when you didn't meet a deadline?
5. Have you ever gone out of your way to help a peer? (ownership)
6. Tell me about a time when your teammate didn't agree with you? What did you do?
7. Time when you needed help from somebody?
8. Tell me about a time where you had limited time and how it impacted?
9. Tell me about a time when your teammate didn't agree with you? What did you do?